---
title: "Product Report March 2025"
image: "/content/product-report-jan-2025.png"
description: "Launch notes for Vewrite v1.0.0, and a few words about the future of the product."
date: "2025-03-19"
author: "Rami James, Founder"
authorLink: "https://www.ramijames.com"
readingLength: 3
---

## What's new for Vewrite in March 2025

March was a particularly exciting month as we launched Vewrite the first version of Vewrite to the public. You can now [hop on over to the app](https://app.vewrite.com/) and join the beta test. In this product report I'm going to talk briefly about some of the new features that were added in the last month, since the last report. Following that, I'm going to talk about some feedback that we've gotten from users and how we are going to address those.

## Vewrite v1.0.0

Since we started working on Vewrite in August, we've had this vision of allowing teams of writers to be able to build content better together. Every solution on the market today requires that you use a constellation of tools to:

- organize your team
- track your work
- do your writing
- review and approve deliverables

Anyone who has done written work together with others, be they clients, stakeholders, or team members, will know how tedious and painful this process can be. I've done it. It's not great.

Typically, this means that teams manually make copies of documents, share them either via google drive, sharepoint, or email, and manually review everything. Work is tracked in a spreadsheet or some todo list like Notion, Trello, or JIRA. The process is incredibly prone to errors and managing it is, frankly, often a nightmare. Stuff is constantly falling through the cracks.

To be able to achieve the next big set of features for Vewrite, we need to dial in the basics of how we can organize projects, write deliverabls with others, get them reviewed and approved, and send them off to where they need to be sent off.

It hasn't been a trivial task to find what we felt were the right set of features to make this process better, and we think that we have at least some solid foundation now that we can share with the world.

So, with that said, we're proud to announce that v1.0.0 is ready for you to poke at, prod at, and [let us know what you like](https://github.com/vewrite/vewrite/discussions) (and what you don't).

### Assignments and roles

A core feature for Vewrite has always been a solution for working with multiple people on one document, but with the idea that there are multiple roles that different functionality is tied to.

### Documentation

### Subscriptions

### Fullscreen editing

## Beta milestone and feedback

Now that we've successfully released v1.0.0, we've started building out the milestone for v1.1.0. You can always follow along the project's progress on Github. It's a public repository and we welcome your input and feedback.

## Changes based on user feedback

As we move towards a public release, we encourage you to sign up to become a beta tester. If you're a project manager of a content writing team, we'd love to hear from you. Your feedback is critical to our team as we iterate towards the best possible project management experience for teams of writers and content creators.

